You can start OpenMOLE from the command line
OpenMOLE is a web application
It automatically opens a new tab in your web browser
The menu on the left is your workspace
You can manage your files from there
OpenMOLE projects bear the .oms extension
Specify the docker image to fetch from Docker hub
And the parameters as you would on the command line
Let's now define the execution environment
Login and head node are compulsory
wallTime and other parameters are optional
click on the lock icon to open the authentication menu
Enter your login, head node and path to your SSH private key
The green OK denotes a successful authentication
We specify the task to run on the environment (PBS here)
And how many instances will be executed
Click Play to start the experiment
The execution panel pops up automatically
Click on Env for more information on the remote environments
And then details to dig into a specific environment (here PBS)
Number and size of uploaded files are updated on the fly
3 jobs have been submitted to the underlying PBS environment
We can verify that 3 jobs are in the queue of the cluster
The interface is refreshed when jobs start running
Let's verify on the cluster
Finished jobs are also automatically reported
Each job's output is automatically retrieved upon completion
And the cluster's queue is now empty!
Result files are downloaded from the cluster
And the whole execution is now finished
We can visualize each job's output
Results have been copied to the specified folder (hook)